README.md, before:

# "All About BIPs" translation boilerplate

For bitcoiners far and wide, I created this to translate a short zine on BIPs
created by the half-Thai half-awesome (same half) @satsie found [here.](https://satsie.dev/bips)

This repository is meant to be used with Visual Studio Code with the recommended extension

* `yzane.markdown-pdf` listed in recommended extensions
  (repository: [vscode-markdown-pdf](https://github.com/yzane/vscode-markdown-pdf) by [@yzane](https://github.com/yzane))

## Usage

1. Create a copy from the Markdown file `bip.md` containing original contents to your desired language.
  (Recommend renaming to `bip.xx.md` with xx denoting language, following after Thai translated zine convention, `bip.th.md`)
1. One paragraph at a time, translate the contents of the "All about BIPs" zine to desired language.
1. Use the command palette to turn your new markdown `bip.xx.md` to PDF file ready for print.
1. Hand out at local conferences and meetups. New bitdevs are found everywhere.

### Command Palette

1. Press `F1` or `Ctrl+Shift+P`
1. Type `export` and select below
   * `Markdown PDF: Export (pdf)`
1. Sometimes hangs. When unsuccessful, try try again.
1. Voila!

### Tip

1. Use `<bitcoin></bitcoin>` tag in your translation to inject "bitcoin" with original branding
  using bold and italicized Ubuntu font.

## Demonstration

![demonstration](./demo.gif)

Commit message:

Add acknowledgement section for fonts usage

README.md, after:

# "All About BIPs" translation boilerplate

For bitcoiners far and wide, I created this to translate a short zine on BIPs
created by the half-Thai half-awesome (same half) @satsie found [here.](https://satsie.dev/bips)

This repository is meant to be used with Visual Studio Code with the recommended extension

* `yzane.markdown-pdf` listed in recommended extensions
  (repository: [vscode-markdown-pdf](https://github.com/yzane/vscode-markdown-pdf) by [@yzane](https://github.com/yzane))

## Usage

1. Create a copy from the Markdown file `bip.md` containing original contents to your desired language.
  (Recommend renaming to `bip.xx.md` with xx denoting language, following after Thai translated zine convention, `bip.th.md`)
1. One paragraph at a time, translate the contents of the "All about BIPs" zine to desired language.
1. Use the command palette to turn your new markdown `bip.xx.md` to PDF file ready for print.
1. Hand out at local conferences and meetups. New bitdevs are found everywhere.

### Command Palette

1. Press `F1` or `Ctrl+Shift+P`
1. Type `export` and select below
   * `Markdown PDF: Export (pdf)`
1. Sometimes hangs. When unsuccessful, try try again.
1. Voila!

### Tips

1. Use `<bitcoin></bitcoin>` tag in your translation to inject "bitcoin" with original branding
  using bold and italicized Ubuntu font.

## Demonstration

![demonstration](./demo.gif)

### Acknowledgements

1. English font named "Coffee and Craft"s" font by [Misti's Fonts](https://mistifonts.com/coffee-and-crafts/)
  `Free for personal use and non-profit use`
1. Thai font named "Niramit" by [Cadson Demak](https://github.com/cadsondemak/Niramit)
  `SIL Open Font License 1.1`
